ACCEPTED MANUSCRIPT •  OPEN ACCESS  

# Influences of welding speed on microstructure and mechanical properties of friction stir welded Al-Mg alloy with high Mg content  

To cite this article before publication: Yingli Li  et al  2020  Mater. Res. Express  in press  https://doi.org/10.1088/2053-1591/ab9854  

# Manuscript version: Accepted Manuscript  

Accepted Manuscript is “the version of the article accepted for publication including all changes made as a result of the peer review process, and which may also include the addition to the article by IOP Publishing of a header, an article ID, a cover sheet and/or an ‘Accepted Manuscript’ watermark, but excluding any other editing, typesetting or other changes made by IOP Publishing and/or its licensors”  

This Accepted Manuscript is  © 2020 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd .  

As the Version of Record of this article is going to be / has been published on a gold open access basis under a CC BY 3.0 licence, this Accepted Manuscript is available for reuse under a CC BY 3.0 licence immediately.  

Everyone is permitted to use all or part of the original content in this article, provided that they adhere to all the terms of the licence https://creativecommons.org/licences/by/3.0  

Although reasonable endeavours have been taken to obtain all necessary permissions from third parties to include their copyrighted content within this article, their full citation and copyright line may not be present in this Accepted Manuscript version. Before using any content from this article, please refer to the Version of Record on IOPscience once published for full citation and copyright details, as permissions may be required. All third party content is fully copyright protected and is not published on a gold open access basis under a CC BY licence, unless that is specifically stated in the figure caption in the Version of Record.  

View the  article online  for updates and enhancements.  

# Influences of welding speed on microstructure and mechanical properties of friction stir  

# welded Al-Mg alloy with high Mg content  

#  

1  particles with a u niform  distribution.  

#  

correlation between the microstructure evolution and mechanical properties of the FSWed 5086-H34  

#  

by FSW perpendicular to the rolling direction (RD). Four welding speeds and the rotation rate of  

#  

#  

3.2 Microstructure of the FSWed joint  

#  

Accepted Manuscript  

Moreover, as shown in figure  4 (c, f, i and l), each NZ possesses the HAGBs fraction higher than  

#  

processing, resulting in formation of new dislocations inside the DRX grains  [27, 28] .  The  

#  

particles in BM distribute along the RD. These particles in BM and NZ at 50 mm/min (as marked by  

speed during FSW and refined particles in NZ at 50 mm/min exhibit a homogeneous distribution. The  

#  

1  the welding speed  corresponds to  the microstructure features.  

#  

provide barriers that impede the dislocation movement, which improves the strength of the joint   [33] .  

As shown in figure  12 , the fracture morphology of the tensile specimen at the welding speed of  

#  

1  volume defects are achieved.  

#  

[11] Grujicic M, Arakere G, Yalavarthy H V, He T, Yen C F and Cheeseman B A 2010 Modeling of AA5083 material-  

[21] Threadgill P L, Leonard A J, Shercliff H R and Withers P J 2009 Friction stir welding of aluminium alloys  Int. Mater.  

[31]  Sato Y S, Park S H C and Kokawa H 2001 Microstructural factors governing hardness in friction-stir welds of solid-  

[42] Heidarzadeh A 2019 Tensile behavior, microstructure, and substructure of the friction stir welded 70/30 brass joints:  